Welcome to Stratego.  The goal of the game is to use your army to capture
your opponent's flag.

Both your army and your opponent's army consist of a number of pieces of
varying ranks.  You can see the locations of each other's pieces, but not
their ranks.  However, when one piece attacks another, both players learn
the rank of the opponent's piece.  Hiding information about your own army
from your opponent and discovering as much information as possible about
your opponent's army are key to success in Stratego.

At the start of the game, you choose the initial positions of your pieces,
and your opponent does the same.  Both players start with the same number of
pieces of each rank.  For the rest of the game, you and your opponent take
turns, moving one piece at a time.  On your turn, you can move a piece one
space up, down, left, or right.  A piece can move into an empty space, or it
can move into an enemy piece to attack it, but it cannot move into a lake
tile [^] or into a space occupied by a piece of the same color.

When a piece attacks another piece, the ranks of the two pieces determine
the outcome of the battle.  Most ranks have a number, and pieces of
higher-numbered ranks can capture pieces of lower-numbered ranks.  If two
pieces of equal rank fight each other, both are removed from the board.
Pieces with higher numbers are generally more valuable, but not all pieces
behave in the same manner.  The following pieces have special properties:

-The Flag [F] cannot move or attack, and any mobile piece can capture it.
If your opponent captures your Flag, you lose, so remember to protect it!
-Like the Flag, Bombs [B] cannot move or attack.  However, they can capture
almost any piece that tries to attack them.  Use them to defend your Flag.
-Scouts [2] can move an unlimited number of spaces in a straight line in a
single turn, like the rook in chess.  Moving a Scout more than one space at
a time lets your opponent know that Scout's rank.  Scouts cannot move over
lake tiles or through other pieces.  Use them to discover the ranks of your
opponent's pieces.
-Miners [3] are the only pieces that can capture Bombs.  You'll need to keep
them safe in the early game so you can use them later on to break through
your opponent's defenses.
-The Marshal [M] can capture any other mobile piece.
-The Spy [S] can capture the Marshal by attacking it, but cannot capture any
other mobile piece.  Also, if the Marshal attacks the Spy first, the Marshal
wins, so be careful with your Spy!
